Fix dead link (#668)
palantir/conjure-java: readme.md

## Usage

> The recommended way to use conjure-java is via a build tool like [gradle-conjure](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-conjure). However, if you don't want to use gradle-conjure, there is also an executable which conforms to [RFC 002](https://github.com/palantir/conjure/blob/master/docs/rfc/002-contract-for-conjure-generators.md),  published on [bintray](https://bintray.com/palantir/releases/conjure-java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to use conjure-java is via a build tool like [gradle-conjure](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-conjure). However, if you don't want to use gradle-conjure, there is also an executable which conforms to [RFC 002](docs/rfc/002-contract-for-conjure-generators.md),  published on [bintray](https://bintray.com/palantir/releases/conjure-java).
```

I think we can use a relative link to be consistent with the current branch, whichever that may be.

Reviewer: Also, thanks for catching this!

Reviewer 2: @carterkozak it's in a different repo. I think we should instead link to the rendered docs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The recommended way to use conjure-java is via a build tool like [gradle-conjure](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-conjure). However, if you don't want to use gradle-conjure, there is also an executable which conforms to [RFC 002](https://palantir.github.io/conjure/#/docs/rfc/002-contract-for-conjure-generators),  published on [bintray](https://bintray.com/palantir/releases/conjure-java).
```
